welcome to the man of recaps this is The
Handmaid's Tale season 2 so June had
just led the other hand mades in an act
of defiance refusing to stone janine if
that sentence made you go what go watch
my season 1 recap for their act of
defiance all the hand maids are rounded
up and they're gonna be hung home hands
short season I guess oh just kidding
though it was just a free come out aunt
Lydia is like hey we don't want to kill
you cuz we need you guys to get pregnant
but we can make your life even more
miserable than it has been she gets word
though that June is pregnant
it's like Congrats dearie eat your soup
June's like screw you I hate soup but
henna lady is like well okay if you want
to be that way we can just chain you to
a bed for the next nine months on second
thought I love soup give me all the soup
you got and non-pregnant handmaids are
not so lucky though they get burned to
remind them to be obedient
so June's brought to the doctor for a
check-up but one of the nurses is like
hey I'm with the resistance here's a key
go escape Nik is behind her escape plan
he pulled all the strings he could
because you know they're in love and
it's his kid
this guy's gonna take her to a plane to
Canada but it's not safe yet so he takes
her to his apartment where he has a kid
yeah apparently not all fertile women
were rounded up to be handmaids if
you're a regular peasant who follows the
rules you're allowed to stay as a family
they have to go out to church which is
the only thing you're allowed to do for
fun but they're gone a long time so June
gets out of there makes it to the Canada
plane she's gonna escape but know who
they catch her just in time she goes
back to the waterfords and the guy that
helped her is hung no one knows Nick was
behind it in fact he's rewarded for his
loyal service by being given a wife
her name's Eden and she is literally 15
she's just a real sweet pious girl and
she's like hey God needs us to have sex
Nick's like yeah maybe in about three
years but she's worried maybe Nick's a
gender traitor
so June's like dude you gotta have sex
with this teenager now come into water
for its big project has been the new red
center for the training of handmaids
it's a great success until one of the
hand maids has a bomb
uh-oh gadem boom blows that place up
commander waterford survives he'll be
out of commission for a bit who died
though was the guy running things last
season commander price so this new guy
commander Cushing is in charge and he is
on a rampage to root out all resistance
he questions June about her escape and
things may be commander waterford was
behind it
June's like yo Serena we gotta do
something about this guy or we're all
being strung up so mrs. Waterford forges
her husband's signature and with the
help of Nik fabricates evidence that
gets this guy put away meanwhile over in
the colonies it's somewhere in America
that's apparently been nuked
irredeemable women are sent here to
shovel dirt until they die of exhaustion
or radiation June's first handmade
friend emily is here fertile or not
after her last escape attempt they
decided she was too much work to keep as
a handmaid she used to be a science
professor when things started going bad
they fired her for being a lesbian she
was gonna fight back but then they
started hanging gay people so she's like
yeah time to move to Canada luckily her
wife was a Canadian citizen
unfortunately gay marriage was des
legalized and she had to send her wife
and son ahead while she stayed back and
was eventually made a handmade in the
bombing a lot of handmaids died too so
now there's a shortage she's brought
back from the colonies and Congrats
you're a sex slave again now mrs.
Waterford wants to keep running things
for her husband while he's in the
hospital and she gets June to help her
cuz she used to be an editor this is
very illegal women are not allowed to
read or write but mrs. Waterford is
happier than she's been in years she was
a strong voice in the gilead movement at
the beginning but when it became more
about oppressing women the men were like
hey thanks for the help we got this from
here before long the commander's back
and mrs. Waterford finds herself shut
out again the handmaid Janine gave birth
to a daughter last season but she's not
doing so well the best baby doctor
around is a woman so Serena forges her
husband's signature again to let her
come check her out turns out all the
baby needed was some love from its real
mother but when the commander finds out
his wife's been forging his signature
all over town he's like sorry wife I
gotta get the belt and beats her what
Serena starts to realize this whole
gilead thing might have been a huge
mistake
shortly after this commander waterfords
been selected as the trade and boy to
Canada mrs. Waterford has to go - to
tell everyone how wonderful being a
woman in gilead is she meets a guy
apparently working for the real American
government they still have Alaska and
Hawaii he's like hey if you want to
defect I can get you on a plane to
Hawaii right now after the belting she
seriously thinks about it but decides to
say no I love Gilead also in Canada is
June's best friend Moira who escaped
their last season she tells jeans
husband Luke hey that's the guy
that rapes your wife so Luke goes over
there and confronts him and after Nick
tracks him down and it's like hey man
I'm a friend of June's she's doing okay
relatively here take this stack of
letters from the women of Gilead that
June managed to sneak out of Jezebel's
last season they detail all the horrible
stuff going on in Gilead that the world
doesn't really know about boy is like yo
we got to post this on Twitter so boom
those caused a huge public outrage and
the next day trade talks are cancelled
Canada is like yo your country's evil
and you're a piece of [ __ ] later has
some sort of power move the commander
has June taken up to a house where her
daughter Hannah is oh they're reunited
June is so happy at least for a minute
till she's taken away again but they
stick around the house a little too long
some more guards show up even though
this was commander waterfords idea it
was very much off the record so they
think Nick's up to no good and take him
away June's like huh there's no one
around for miles
time to go to Canada but oh what's this
oh the baby's coming right now
Oh labor scene Bingham gives birth to a
beautiful baby girl
there's no hiking to Canada with a
newborn though so June's brought back in
and mrs. Waterford is thrilled to
finally have a baby
Nick's child wife Eden is so unhappy
though because he clearly doesn't love
her she gets a huge crush on this new
guard and they run away together for
five minutes till they're caught and the
punishment is drowning in the public
pool even Serena's disturbed by this and
June's like hey do you really want to
raise a daughter in this society
so mrs. Waterford goes to the Council of
men and she brings all their wives and
it's like hey look we think we should be
able to read at least like the Bible and
to make her point she starts reading the
Bible then and there she's like hey
honey what do you think will the council
go for it he's like yeah nah she's taken
away and the punishment for reading is
losing a finger she and June have had a
lot of hate between them but in the face
of this girl's gotta stick together
another woman in the house is the cook
slash servant Martha in fact they're all
named Martha and over the two seasons
she and June have sort of bonded one day
there's a fire down the street and
Martha grabs June hey this is a
distraction we're getting you out of
here
commander waterford realizes something's
up he's like hey Nick let's go grab my
handmade but Nick stops him he's like I
don't think so
you're staying right here mrs. Waterford
catch June escaping but jeans like hey
Serena look I'm taking this baby to
Canada you know it's for the best
and Serena agrees to let her go giving
up the one thing that still brought joy
into her life so all the neighbourhood
Martha's work together to sneak Joon out
passing from one to the other until
eventually she's decently far out of
town meanwhile Emily was assigned to a
new commander he's some sort of
economics professor type she grabs a
knife she's like I'm cutting off the
next dick that comes near me but this
command is like oh no things are chill
here I'm not gonna have sex with you so
Emily's like cool then I'll use this
knife to stab aunt Lydia oh ho take that
she was awful this commander takes her
out maybe the killer but instead takes
her to where Joon's hiding he's helping
them escape yeah this one's actually a
good guy so Emily and Jun are getting
out of there but jeans like hey take
care of my baby in Canada I'm actually
going to stay behind what why would she
do that
one reason is her first daughter Hannah
is still in Gilly and I guess she
doesn't want to leave her here alone
she thinks the best thing for her to do
is stay in chiliad and lead a resistance
also if she escapes to Canada the show
would be over and we're getting ready
for season 3
[Music]